[ADD] Website: new page visibility (#13040)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/web_design/visibility.rst

Mobile/desktop
==============

You can hide content depending on whether people are visiting your website from a mobile or desktop
type of device. Click on the block or element you want to hide, and in the :guilabel:`Customize`
tab, scroll down to :guilabel:`Visibility`, and click the :guilabel:`Show/Hide on Mobile` or the
:guilabel:`Show/Hide on Desktop` button.

Conditions
==========

You can also choose other conditions to hide or show building blocks and elements: select one in
the website editor, and in the :guilabel:`Customize` tab, scroll down to :guilabel:`Visibility`,
click on :guilabel:`No condition`, and select :guilabel:`Conditionally` instead. Then, configure the
condition(s) to apply by selecting :guilabel:`Visible for` or :guilabel:`Hidden for`, and click on
:guilabel:`Choose a record` to pick the one(s) you want to show or hide:

- :guilabel:`Country`: the country your visitor is browsing your website from.
- :guilabel:`Languages`: this option is only available if your website is translated into at least
  one language besides the original.
- :guilabel:`UTM Campaign`
- :guilabel:`UTM Medium`
- :guilabel:`UTM Source`

> - :guilabel:`Users`: based on whether visitors are logged in, logged out, or everyone.

Reviewer: What does "logged out" mean exactly? It sounds very much like "everyone", no?

Author: True!

> .. note::
>    UTM stands for **Urchin Tracking Module**. It is used primarily for tracking the performance of
>    marketing campaigns through links shared in newsletters or social media. For more information on
>    link trackers and how to create them in Odoo, please refer to the
>    :doc:`Link tracker documentation <../reporting/link_tracker>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Invisible elements
==================

> The blocks and elements you made hidden are listed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Blocks`,
> :guilabel:`Customize`, and :guilabel:`Edit` menus. Click on them to show them in the website editor.
> This allows you to see the elements you have made invisible while working in the website editor, but
> it does not change their visibility status in your website's front-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hidden blocks and elements are listed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Blocks`,
:guilabel:`Customize`, and :guilabel:`Edit` menus. Select one to display it in the website editor.
This allows you to see the elements you have made invisible while working in the website editor, but
it does not change their visibility status on your website's front-end.
```

To toggle the visibility of a building block based on the visitor's device type, open the website
editor, and select a block or a column element within a block. In the :guilabel:`Customize` tab,
scroll down to :guilabel:`Visibility` under the block or column customization options, and click the
|mobile icon| (:guilabel:`Show/Hide on Mobile`) or |desktop icon| (:guilabel:`Show/Hide on Desktop`)
button. Click on :guilabel:`Save` to apply the changes to your website.

Conditions
==========

To access the language, country, and :doc:`UTM <../reporting/link_tracker>` conditions, open the
website editor and select a building block. In the :guilabel:`Customize` tab, scroll down to
:guilabel:`Visibility`, click :guilabel:`No condition`, and select :guilabel:`Conditionally` instead
to display them.

- :guilabel:`Country`: the country of the visitor's IP address.
- :guilabel:`Languages`: the website language the visitor selected. This option is only available if
  your website is translated into at least one language besides the original.
- :guilabel:`UTM Campaign`
- :guilabel:`UTM Medium`
- :guilabel:`UTM Source`
- :guilabel:`Users`: based on whether visitors are logged in or everyone.

> Click on :guilabel:`Save` to apply the changes to your website.

Author: So it is making sense after all hahah!  Thanks!

Invisible elements
==================

> Hidden blocks and elements are listed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Blocks`, :guilabel:`Customize`
> , and :guilabel:`Edit` menus. Select one to display it in the website editor. This allows you to see
> the elements you have made invisible while working in the website editor, but it does not change
> their visibility status on your website's front-end. Click on :guilabel:`Save` to apply the changes
> to your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks and elements with custom visibility settings are listed at the bottom
of the editor sidebar.

You can preview how the page would look by clicking the :icon`fa-eye`
(:guilabel:`visible`) button to hide a block or element, or the :icon`fa-eye-slash
(:guilabel:`hidden`) to show it in the website editor. 
```
I prefer "editor sidebar" as it's more concise, but I'm not sure it's the official word :)

I'm not sure saving has any purpose here?

You could also include a screenshot since this part of the UI is quite hidden, so users know what to look for.

![2025-05-16_16-16](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3eca2b56-25f9-4358-982f-c95f06d5489c)
